hey man no problem.i know youre a busy man.its getting ahrder to say how to
play this thing. sprds are massive contango-minimal inverses in the winter.
indeed there shudnt be any problems to supply gas this winter but suply
growth hasnt been stellar and prob wont rise from here now.im not a raging
bull but the past couple of aga and the cashs trength. and the mkt
structure(no sellers in the forward), leads me to beleive there cud be more
upside. mkt is prob a range mkt for a time. but overall i think this is a
weather bet. if we have a winter it will suport the whole curve if its warm
i will be awful-stay in that 2.00-2.50 rnage for spot prices.
   i think the prompt is out of the woods-if so long as we have normal
weather nov cash will be ok -wont trade lower than oct cash as long as we
have big incentive to roll storage mar/apr? i bailed. basically washed. in
the long term its prob ok but they arent gonna let me make any serious money
on it in the next few weeks prob longer so why have it on esp when this
winter is such a big discount to next-i guess theres some risk h/j moves
higher if they y on y sprds come in much?? not sure so i bailed. i dont
disagree with you on the calender sprds but i just dont think the entry pt
is attractive. about the only thing im running is nov long agaisnt dec and
jan shorts. pretty netrual no big bets on for now-first time in a awhile.
nothing is that obvious to me. if mktstays sort of balanced until end dec i
mite take a shot on the long side late dec early jan. i struggle paying
sucha  big premium for the forward curve